.TH poca-subscribe 1
.SH NAME
poca-subscribe \- a subscription management tool for poca
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpoca [-h] [-c CONFIG_DIR] {add,list,tags,delete,toggle,stats}
\f1
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIPoca-subscribe\f1 is a tool to make small adjustments to poca.xml, the main configuration file for poca.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h\f1, \fB--help\f1
Show help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-c\f1, \fB--config\f1 \fICONFIG_DIR\f1
Use alternative configuration directory. Default is ~/.poca.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
\fBadd\f1
Add a subscription by way of a setup assistant
.TP
\fBlist\f1
List all subscriptions. Grouped by subscriptions' category attribute if any.
.TP
\fBtags\f1
Print a list of available id3 tags for use in the <metadata> settings.
.TP
\fBdelete\f1
Go through subscriptions one at time to delete or keep. Use [-t TITLE] or [-u URL] to narrow matching.
.TP
\fBtoggle\f1
Go through subscriptions one at time to set state (active or inactive). Use [-t TITLE] or [-u URL] to narrow matching.
.TP
\fBstats\f1
Get feed stats for current subscriptions. Use [-t TITLE] or [-u URL] to narrow matching.

.SH DOCUMENTATION
For in-depth information please go to \fBhttps://poca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/\f1.

.SH AUTHOR
\fIPoca-subscribe\f1 was written by Mads Mide Michelsen <mail@brokkr.net>. For more information on the code go to \fBhttps://github.com/brokkr/poca\f1
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2010-2021 Mads Mide Michelsen

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see \fBhttp://www.gnu.org/licenses/\f1
.SH BUGS
The author is grateful for any notification of bugs and/or requests. Please go to \fBhttps://github.com/brokkr/poca/issues\f1 to report.
